Add support for vector-valued objectives (#3176)
jump-dev/JuMP.jl: docs/src/manual/objective.md

julia> @objective(model, Max, objective_function(model))
2 x
```

## Set a vector-valued objective

Define a multi-objective optimization problem by passing a vector of objectives:

```jldoctest; setup = :(model=Model())
julia> @variable(model, x[1:2]);

julia> @objective(model, Min, [1 + x[1], 2 * x[2]])
2-element Vector{AffExpr}:
 x[1] + 1
 2 x[2]

julia> f = objective_function(model)
2-element Vector{AffExpr}:
 x[1] + 1
 2 x[2]
```

In most cases, multi-objective optimization solvers will return multiple
solutions, corresponding to points on the Pareto frontier. See [Multiple solutions](@ref)
for information on how to query and work with multiple solutions.

> Note that you can must set a single objective sense, that is, you cannot have

Author: ```suggestion
Note that you must set a single objective sense, that is, you cannot have
```

both minimization and maximization objectives. Work around this limitation by
choosing `Min` and negating any objectives you want to maximize:

```jldoctest; setup = :(model=Model())
julia> @variable(model, x[1:2]);

julia> @expression(model, obj1, 1 + x[1])
x[1] + 1

julia> @expression(model, obj2, 2 * x[1])
2 x[1]

julia> @objective(model, Min, [obj1, -obj2])
2-element Vector{AffExpr}:
 x[1] + 1
 -2 x[1]
```

Defining your objectives as expressions allows flexibility in how you can solve
variations of the same problem, with some objectives removed and constrained to
be no worse that a fixed value.

```jldoctest; setup = :(model=Model())
julia> @variable(model, x[1:2]);

julia> @expression(model, obj1, 1 + x[1])
x[1] + 1

julia> @expression(model, obj2, 2 * x[1])
2 x[1]

julia> @expression(model, obj3, x[1] + x[2])
x[1] + x[2]

julia> @objective(model, Min, [obj1, obj2, obj3])  # Three-objective problem
3-element Vector{AffExpr}:
 x[1] + 1
 2 x[1]
 x[1] + x[2]

julia> # optimize!(model), look at the solution, talk to stakeholders, then
       # decide you want to solve a new problem where the third objective is

>        # removed and constrained to be better than 2.0.

Author: ```suggestion
       # removed and constrained to be no worse than 2.0.
```
